## Prof. Chih-Yung Wen
##### BEng, National Taiwan University (NTU)
##### MSc, Caltech
##### PhD, Caltech

<div align="justify">
<br/>Head and Chair Professor of Aeronautical Engineering, Director of Research Centre for Unmanned Autonomous System, Associate Director of Research Institute for Sports Science and Technology, Leader of Autonomous & Intelligent Robotics Lab
<br/><br/>
Professor Wen received his Bachelor of Science degree from the Department of Mechanical Engineering at the National Taiwan University in 1986 and Master of Science and PhD from the Department of Aeronautics at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech), U.S.A. in 1989 and 1994 respectively. He worked at Caltech as a Research Fellow from February 1994 to July 1994 and then continued his teaching and research works at the Department of Mechanical Engineering at the Da-Yeh University, Taiwan. He was promoted to full professorship in February 2002. He had been the Chairman of the Department of Mechanical and Vehicle Engineering from August 1997 to July 2000, and the Provost from August 2004 to July 2006 in the Da-Yeh University, Taiwan. In August 2006, Professor Wen joined the Department of Aeronautics and Astronautics of the National Cheng Kung University (NCKU), Taiwan, before joining the Department of Mechanical Engineering, The Hong Kong Polytechnic University in 2012 as professor. He served as the associate head/research of ME department from May 2015 to October 2019. He is currently the Head and Chair Professor of Aeronautical Engineering of the Department of Aeronautical and Aviation Engineering, and the Associate Director of Research Institute for Sports Science and Technology. Professor Wen has authored and co-authored more than 300 scientific papers, conference papers and book chapters. He was also awarded 14 patents. Professor Wen, currently a HKIE Fellow and an AIAA Associate Fellow, actively engages in professional academic activities related to mechanical and aerospace engineering at both domestic and international levels. In addition, he serves as a member of, various key professional boards and bodies related to the Aerospace Engineering.
</div>
